What's the main point of the paper?
That adding static field produces phase dependent ionization at same as MW frequency.
Our model predicts this well.
Model isolates effect of precession, intial orbit, after orbits.
Model gives us insight to electron dynamics in weak and strong static fields.

So what's the structure?

Phase-Dependent Electron-Ion Recombination in a Microwave Field
K. R. Overstreet, R. R. Jones, and T. F. Gallagher

	Introduction
	Example from elsewhere in physics, i.e. XUV & IR Ionization
	Quantum works, Simpleman fails, need SM+C
	We can use SM+C in MW & Rydberg
	Overview of experiment technicals.
	In depth description of theory.
	Important conclusion.
	In depth description of experiment.
	Important experiment result.
	Broad experiment result.
	Comparison of theory and experiment.
	Bring back comparison to elsewhere in physics.
	Speculate about things we can't be certain of.
	Quick conclusion.
	Acknowledgements

Multiphoton Assisted Recombination
E. S. Shuman, R. R. Jones, and T. F. Gallagher

	SM model exists and useful in some situations.
	Our experiment requires SM+C
	It's applicable to a & b but we understand it as c
	Overview of experiment concept.
	Specific description of experiment.
	Laser excitation
	MW field
	Timing of lasers and detection
	Explain autoionizing channels for detection.
	Primary experimental result.
	Tie result to theory.
	Introduction to theory concept.
	Explain SM and the result that is wrong.
	Explain the differences to the SM.
	Used MonteCarlo simulations.
	Discuss predictions that match experimet.
	Conclude that theory matches experiment.
	Acknowledgements.
	
Coherence and ionization and recombination in a microwave field
Vincent Carrat, E. Magnuson, and T. F. Gallagher

I Introduction
	XUV & IR system useful strong field physics.
	Coulomb potential is important
	Cycle-cycle coherence is important, according to quantum.
	Connect from ionization to recombination w/ microwaves.
II ?
	Intro to our experiment and quick summary of the result.
	Summary of classical picture with figure.
	Statement of classical prediction.
III Exprimental Methods
	Summary of experimental setup and excitation.
	Timing and detection.
	Particular of experiment w/ synch figure.
	A Dye Lasers
		Dye laser description.
	B. Amplitude modulated 819 nm laser
		Figure of diode locking.
		Description of instruments.
		Amplification chain.
		Fast Photodiode, mixing and lock.
		Error signal and quick correction.
		PID error signal and correction.
		Figure of locking and contribution of each scheme.
	C. Microwave Apparatus
		Source, splitter, amplifier, cavity.
IV Results
	Basic observation showing inversion @ ionization limit.
	Figure with modulation and model results.
V. Discussion
	Classical model gives insight to experiment.
	First orbit only considered.
	Later orbits must be involved to make discrepancy.
	Resonance and mulit-orbit may lead to slow onset.
	Speculation about Floquet.
IV. Conclusion
	Column potential is important.
	Coherence is important.


Experimental Methods

Lithium beam passes through a central antinode of 